enhancement : add docs for appointment scheduling (#624)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/appointment_booking_settings.md

### 2.3 Holiday list

You can link a (holiday list)[https://erpnext.com/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/holiday-list] here to apply to the appointment schedule. If the day is a holiday, scheduling an appointment on that day won't be allowed.

## 3. Appointment Details

This section contains details about the appointment themselves.

### 3.1 Appointment Duration in minutes

The duration of appointment in minutes. This is used to calculate appointment timeslots for the web portal. Changing this does not affect the appointments created before the change.

### 3.2 Notify Via Email

Enabling this checkbox will send an email to the participants of the appointments i.e. your employee and the customer on the day of the appointment. Changing this checkbox does not affect the appointments created before the change.

### 3.3 Number of days appointment can be books in advance

This is the number of days the appointment can be booked in advance. If the Holiday List provided above ends before the date calculated using this number, appointment schedulling will be stopped at the end of holiday list end.

## 4. Success settings

### 4.1 Success Redirect URL

> This is the URL where the user will be redirect on creation of successful appoitnment creation via Web Portal. Does not apply to desk.

Reviewer: what does this mean? Does not apply to desk?

Author: Rephrased to make it clearer.

> This is the URL where the user will be redirect on creation of successful appoitnment creation via Web Portal. This redirect will not occur when creating appointments from within Desk UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the URL where the user will be redirected on creation of successful appointment creation via Web Portal. This redirect will not occur when creating appointments from within Desk UI as a [desk user](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/articles/difference-between-system-user-and-website-user).
```
